The rain won't stop.
We must've missed our train.
Who should we ask?
Let's ask the station master.
Come on.
Over here.
-Hello. sir.
-Mister.
Did we miss the 1:00 a.m.
passenger train?
Who is he?
Kumbakaran's uncle.
-Hello.
-Brother. get up.
Sir.
Did we miss the 1:00 a.m.
passenger train?
A train has to arrive
before you can miss it.
The tracks are flooded.
All the trains are running late.
When will the train arrive?
You'll know when it arrives.
Come on. man.
He sounds like my father.
Hey!
It's freezing.
-Jassi bro.
-Yes?
Look. someone's lit a bonfire.
-Let's go there.
-Yes.
-Let's go.
Uncle. greetings. It's very cold.
Can we sit here with you?
Uncle. are you a local?
He isn't talking.
We came from Delhi
to attend a friend's wedding.
People told us that years ago.
no one could get married here.
The bride would disappear
on her wedding day.
There was a time when that happened.
But that was many years ago.
What time is it?
It's only seven o'clock.
Don't worry.
We'll reach Lucknow in an hour.
The flight leaves at 10:30 p.m.
We have plenty of time.
What's happening?
You can't go any further.
A tree has fallen due to the heavy rains.
But we have to reach
Lucknow in an hour.
You can't use this road.
Several trees have fallen.
Take the Mangalpur route.
Mangalpur?
What are you thinking?
Just follow the route he's suggesting.
We have a flight to catch.
But… it's dangerous. sir.
What danger?
Sir. newlywed couples are forbidden
from using that route.
Why?
Sir. people say demons
abduct brides there.
What nonsense.
We don't believe in
that kind of folklore.
Come on. start the vehicle.
It's not folklore. sir.
I'm from Mangalpur myself.
The last bride
disappeared 12 years ago.
Since then.
no one has gotten married here.
and no bride has passed that way.
We're going to miss our flight
because of your folklore.
Just turn the bus around.
and let's go.
What happened now?
Sir. the tire is flat.
Oh. God.
Everyone will have to get off.
Get some rest.
I'll call you once I change the tire.
It's really cold.
Come over here.
Sit here. I'll get some tea.
-Yes.
-Come. sit.
-Grab a shawl.
-Yes.
The weather suddenly
turned cold today.
Doesn't matter.
Have this hot cup of tea.
Mother-in-law.
Oh. man!
Uncle. there's no signal.
I don't think we'll catch the flight.
Oh. God.
What mess have we landed in?
-It's getting colder. too.
-Tea?
Yes. thank you.
Stay with me.
Now I understand why you kept saying
that Dushyant Maharaj
didn't want to meet anyone.
The doctors said
he had a terrible contagious disease.
He didn't step out
of his room for 40 days.
We last met on the
night of the full moon.
He had come to the palace
for the veneration.
He said he wasn't feeling well.
He didn't step out of his room
for two days. not even for meals.
The plate was kept outside his door.
This morning. when I came out.
the plate was still lying there.
That's when I realized he…
Dushyant Acharya
was a great man.
No one was by his side
during his final moments.
I wonder who is destined
to inherit all this wealth.
Now repeat it exactly the way I say it.
Say it.
Pronounce the mantras properly.
Where did you find this dimwit?
Are you making fun of me?
I'm not making fun--
You asked me to repeat what you said.
That's exactly what I'm doing.
Call the bride.
Shiela. please bring the lady.
She's here.
Who is bringing the bride?
Only the bride's father
may escort her for the rituals.
Pass the garland to the bride.
You fool…
Hold the garland in your right hand.
In your right hand. Arjun.
Now garland the tree. child.
Now anoint the tree.
The tree!
The tree.
Now hold the sword.
The sword is over there.
Cut it.
Cut the tree. The tree!
Then say it clearly.
I don't perform this ritual every day.
You are unbelievable.
Cut it.
Maharaj. this is why
the wedding keeps stalling.
The entire family is flawed.
Now Meera and Rahul… can marry.
On Ekadashi.
the 11th day of the Kartik month.
Meaning the 13th of November.
according to you.
Dad.
My wedding destination
has changed again.
-Isn't it Udaipur anymore?
-No.
Because the Udaipur Palace
is surrounded by water.
And Rahul's grandma
is afraid of water. so…
If she's afraid of water.
doesn't she bathe?
Arjun?
What about the Gujarat Fort?
The Vaastu is bad.
That's not possible either.
There you go.
I was always against this marriage.
I only agreed because you love Rahul.
They can get married
in hell if they want.
Just call me.
and I'll perform the rituals.
And by the way.
I'm flying to Sydney tomorrow
for a seminar.
I don't want you two calling me
with questions.
Dad.
Here you go.
You still haven't told me
what you decided about him.
"Look. I'm a poor man."
"This house is all I have."
Look. I'm a poor man.
This house is all I have.
Correct.
But he has
several loans to repay.
and people have filed
cases against him.
"Did I tell him to borrow money?"
Did I tell him to borrow money?
Usually. after school.
kids learn things
that help them in life.
That's a new one.
And what did he do?
He went to catch an anaconda.
He went to learn taekwondo.
Whatever.
Who spends their father's
money learning to fight?
Yes. yes!
Of course. I'll be there.
There's no one on the phone.
You heard everything. didn't you?
Or should I repeat it?
Listen…
he is my son after all.
Once your wedding is done.
I'll help him out.
But don't tell him this.
Otherwise.
he'll borrow even more money.
Why are you laughing?
-Bye.
-Good morning.
But don't tell him I told you this.
otherwise he'll kill me. okay?
Does he still love me?
"Does he still love me?"
He does.
Listen. if anyone asks about me.
tell them I'm dead.
What will you say?
I'm dead. Listen.
Idiot.
Yes?
Do you know where
I might find Ms. Meera Acharya?
That's me.
Ms. Acharya.
My name is Richard Gardener.
With Smith and Associate Law Firm.
I wonder if I may speak
with you for a moment?
May I come in?
Sure. Come in.
Thank you.
Your grandfather.
Mr. Dushyant Acharya.
has died.
My grandfather?
Our partners in India have sent over
his last will and testament.
You alone stand to inherit
the entire estate.
It consists of about
five billion rupees
and. interestingly.
a palace
in northern India.
Are you sure you got the right house?
Your mother's name
was Yashodha. correct?
Yes.
It would seem I have indeed
come to the right place.
Are you playing a prank?
Who sent you?
Sorry. who are you?
Arjun Acharya.
Her brother.
Right.
So…
Here.
This is the original document.
And if I could have you both sign here.
Dad isn't answering his phone.
The phone's ringing.
Hello. Dad?
Rahul?
Yes…
Okay.
Is it?
Alright. fine.
Which tree are they
asking you to cut this time?
Grandma says she
has no more suggestions.
We can get married wherever we like.
But we can't change the wedding date
because Rahul won't get more time off.
That's great.
Get married at your own palace.
Amazing.
No. but we still need to check
the Vaastu with Govind Maharaj.
I swear. one day I'll slap
that Maharaj or whoever he is.
Let's tell Dad about this.
Call him. Call him again.
Thank you.
Can I see your passport. please?
Long before quantum physics.
the Vedas spoke about souls.
The spirit.
Not as a metaphor.
but as something real.
The yogis believed
they could send their souls
beyond their bodies.
To seek truth and return.
In ancient texts.
from the Vedas to the Bible.
they spoke of migrating souls.
Black magic. for instance.
what some call superstition.
was often a system.
a method to serve or summon a soul.
I am really sorry.
We all carry two natures.
The human and the beast.
Day and night.
Angels and demons.
When the balance breaks.
the darker side rises.
Duality…
man becoming something else.
Brother.
this has your passport.
my bank details. and my signed checks.
Now what do we do about Dad?
Leave him.
He sleeps at night
and stays busy all day.
Why keep a phone
if he never answers it?
Anyway. he'll say.
"You kids get married
wherever you like."
"Just inform me. and I'll be there."
We'll do just that. See you.
Sorry.
Are you okay?
Good thing you were there. son.
She was meant to be saved by you.
You have some amazing antiques.
This lamp. that radio there…
Where do you get all this?
There's a man called Shambhu Babu.
He sells such things.
-Shambhu Babu?
-Yes.
Where does he get them from?
Why do you care?
Where? Why?
There's no water in my room upstairs.
Do something.
-There's a bucket in the room.
-Yes.
There's a hand pump outside.
Use that.
-Can I get some tea?
-Of course.
Then please bring me a cup of tea.
-There's a hand pump outside.
-Yes.
And a tea stall right beside it.
Go drink it there.
-Greetings. Shambhu Babu.
-Greetings.
Does anyone know Shantaram Yadav?
The watchman of Acharya Palace?
He's the manager. not the watchman.
Whatever. Does anyone know him?
What do you want from him?
He was supposed to pick me up
from the railway station last night.
But that idiot never showed up.
There are many idiots in this village.
Which one are you waiting for?
Sir… that's me.
Sir. I'm Shantaram.
Young king. it's you.
Greetings. sir. Greetings.
-So it's you?
-Yes. I'm Shantaram.
I couldn't pick you up last night.
I apologize.
-Let's go.
-Come on.
How long have you been at the palace?
My father was the manager before me.
After he passed away.
your grandfather.
Dushyant Maharaj. appointed me.
Mister.
is this my palace?
No. no.
This is our oldest temple.
Take blessings. Take blessings.
-Har Har Mahadev
-Har Har Mahadev.
-Glory to Mahadev.
Next. I'll take you to your palace.
It will blow your mind.
Come on.
What happened?
Is this my palace?
It's not yours.
It belongs to Acharya Yogendra ji. See.
YOGENDRA ACHARYA PALACE
What's written?
When was it built?
"1509."
Who was Yogendra Acharya?
Your forefather's forefather.
But that forefather is dead now.
Yes. And now the palace is yours.
This is the palace he left me?
Who put this stone here?
Did my grandparents rule this place?
No. they were tantriks.
Grab my hand and get up.
Good God.
Don't fall on me.
Yogendra Acharya
was a Pandit in the court
of King Parsuraj of Patliputra.
And the king gifted this palace
to Yogendra ji.
Dear God.
He asked him and his future
generations to live here…
to protect Mangalpur
from evil forces.
Dear God! Why can't I get up?
This place has more
stories than people.
What are you doing?
-Help me up.
-I will. First. let go of that.
Now get up.
Yes. get up.
You are so heavy.
Look. Chowgule's car.
Where is Chowgule these days?
No. that's the car company.
-You mean Chevrolet.
-Yes. that one.
Does the car work?
No. it has to be towed.
Then tie two bulls to it tomorrow.
I'll sit on top and drive it.
-Now quickly open the door.
-Okay.
Looks fine from the inside.
These antiques…
they look expensive.
But they must be cheap here?
Yes. it's a village after all.
A rundown palace…
These things are common here.
Who is Shambhu Babu?
Sham--
Shambhu who?
He's such a scoundrel.
He sells these items around here.
Which idiot told you that?
At the lodge. That midget manager.
dark-skinned. told me.
Anthony?
Villagers have too much free time.
No wonder they invent stories.
I've never heard of such a person.
Come.
That's my mother.
Is the queen still alive?
No.
She passed away
when my sister was born.
I was only twelve then.
Who is the man sitting on that chair?
That's your grandfather.
But… did he die here?
No. Come this way.
This is the man who died.
Then who is he?
Your grandfather.
-And who is he?
-Your grandfather.
Do I have two grandfathers?
No. you have only one grandfather.
And he's the one who died.
Hey!
Then is he your grandfather?
They are both your grandfather. sir.
You just said I have one grandfather.
Now you say I have two.
You have one grandfather.
but two pictures.
This is how he looked before he died.
And this is how he looked
after he died.
-"After he died"?
-I mean. when he died.
So did he die in this house?
He died in his own house.
-Isn't this his house?
-Yes. this is his house.
Do people here die
in different houses?
One dies here. another dies there?
No. he died in that house.
-Is that man alive?
-No. he is dead.
-Where did he die?
-In his house.
Let me ask you something.
Listen carefully.
-This man lived here when he was young.
-Yes.
-When he became old. he lived there.
-But both are the same person.
-Yes.
And both are my grandfather.
-Well--
-So. my grandfather died over there?
-Yes.
-Right?
Yes!
You took so long to understand
such a simple thing.
Are you a dimwit?
Alright.
Continue.
Your grandfather left this place
when it was haunted by a ghost.
He would only return on full-moon nights
to perform a veneration.
And he performed it
by locking himself in the prayer room.
Where is your cap?
My cap…
Leave it.
Where is the prayer room?
Here it is.
This one.
Open it.
I don't have the key.
And no one knows what's inside.
Because after the veneration.
your grandfather would lock it
and take the key with him.
Come.
Why is this room locked?
Do ghosts use it as a dressing room?
No. no. no.
Ghosts don't come there.
They live in the jungle
behind the palace.
That's why it's called Pishaach Vann.
-Peshaab?
-No. it's Pishaach.
They come to the palace at night.
So. no one comes here after sunset.
First of all. stop this nonsense.
The palace is covered in dust.
Get it cleaned.
Hire some people
and clean the place.
So are you staying here?
And not at the lodge?
Choose a lodge
over this huge palace?
I'm not crazy.
I stayed there last night.
Bedbugs were clinging to me.
Thank God they were.
Otherwise. the mosquitoes
would've carried me away.
I'm not going anywhere.
I'm staying here.
Don't do that. sir.
Many years ago.
three guards slept here.
One jumped from the roof and died.
The other two lost their minds.
I warned you.
No one stays here now.
except ghosts.
Stop this nonsense
and listen carefully.
To begin with.
get my luggage from the lodge.
Understood?
After that…
What?
Are you deaf or hard of hearing?
I won't repeat myself.
Write it down if you want.
-And hurry up.
-Okay.
Go to the lodge
and get my luggage.
And later…
What?
Were you born
in a family of deaf people?
I've repeated myself a dozen times.
Can't you hear?
Go to the lodge and…
And…
-Is it clear now?
-Clear?
Very good.
Now. hurry up and get my clothes
from the lodge.
I don't have anything else to wear.
I want you back
before I'm done showering.
Otherwise.
I'll run around the palace naked.
Listen to me. sir.
Listen…
Staying in the palace is dangerous.
Dear God.
Yes.
Two. four. eight…
Hello. brother.
Sis…
You won't believe
what an incredible palace we've inherited.
-Really?
-Probably two rooms shy of Buckingham.
It's just covered in dust and grime
that needs to be cleared.
-That I will get done.
-Okay.
I will get everything cleaned up
by the time you get here.
But the wedding happens here.
It is confirmed.
-Yes.
-But Dad still isn't answering his phone.
It's okay.
Just be here on the 10th. all of you.
-I've called the wedding planner.
-Hello?
Everything will be--
-Hello? Brother…
-Hello? Hello?
-Hello!
Sis? Hell--
Who is it?
Coming!
He is alive. He survived.
He survived?
What is it?
What's all the commotion
in the morning?
Why…
Hi.
Who are you?
Didn't you recognize me?
Would I be asking this question
if I did?
-You called me.
-When did I call you?
Jagdish Manikchand
Roopkamal Kevalramani
from Karol Bagh. Delhi.
Your wedding planner.
Is that only your name
or theirs included?
It's my name alone.
Okay. fine. Come inside.
And tell everyone to clean the place.
Come on.
Malti. clean the table
and lay out the dishes.
Come on. Quickly.
Is she the cook?
No. she is the cleaning lady. Malti.
-So. this is your palace? Good.
-No.
the palace belongs
to Yogendra Acharya--
Shut up. Darn that Yogendra Acharya!
Quiet.
-It's mine. Tell him.
-Yes. it's his now.
I heard you are selling it. Why?
Give it to me.
Destination weddings
are the new trend now.
I'll run it after
your own family wedding.
Who is getting married?
My sister.
Why is everyone running away?
Is your sister getting married here?
Does it look like
I called him for my tonsure?
We'll make it a grand wedding
that the world will never forget.
Sir.
no one gets married in Mangalpur.
Vadhusur will show up.
Vadhusur? Who is this nutcase?
No need to call anyone else.
I will make sure
this wedding is in your budget.
End of discussion.
-Jagya. you handle the wedding.
-Yeah.
-Tell Vadya he's not invited.
-He will still show up.
He will definitely show up.
With the army of bats.
He will kill people
and abduct the bride.
Kill? Sounds like some local thug.
Don't worry.
I'll call my guys from Delhi
and see who tries to abduct the bride.
The bride is my sister!
You guys make it sound like he's just
going to carry her off like a bundle.
This is not a joke.
For years. brides have gone missing.
Dozens of people have been murdered.
I have heard it.
and this palace has witnessed it.
That's why your grandfather
never lived here.
Who is this Vadhusur?
Come.
Some terrible things have happened
in Mangalpur and in this palace.
That's why people here
believe in Vadhusur.
See…
This happened centuries ago.
A demon girl fell in love
with a son of the gods in Indraprasth.
She became pregnant.
but both the gods and the demons
refused to accept the child.
Still. she gave birth to him.
That day marked the beginning of Kaliyug.
When the gods attacked her.
the wounded woman sought refuge
with the king of darkness. Andhakarda.
Surrendering her child to Andhakarda.
the mother breathed her last.
Andhakarda hid the child in Mangalvan.
away from the light of the world.
along with his army of bats.
That demon grew up in darkness
and performed intense penance
in devotion to Lord Shiva.
Watching his madness.
the Lord was impressed with him.
Lord Shiva granted his wish
and blessed him with immortality.
He also said that he could
either die by his own hand
or be killed only by his own lineage.
After that. the demon became
the most powerful entity in the universe.
And that demon was Vadhusur.
Then. on a new moon night.
Vadhusur declared war on the gods.
leading his army of bats.
The gods realized
he couldn't be defeated in darkness.
and defeating him was impossible.
So they turned to Lord Vishnu ji for help.
Vishnu ji bestowed a nymph. Vrikshni.
with the power of thunder
and sent her to Mangalvan.
The moment Vadhusur saw her.
he fell madly in love.
Vrikshni told him he couldn't touch her
unless he married her.
and he agreed.
unaware of her plan.
He didn't know Vrikshni had hidden
a dagger inside her garland.
During the wedding rituals.
Vrikshni grabbed his hands
and drove the dagger into his neck.
Shocked and helpless.
Vadhusur's body sank into the ground.
At the spot in the jungle
where his body fell.
a group that practiced black magic
built a temple.
hoping to resurrect him.
But to prevent this from happening.
Vrikshni started living
near the temple as a tree.
Her hands.
still carrying the power of thunder.
sank deep into the temple.
Vadhusur's body was destroyed.
but his spirit burned with revenge.
He had been betrayed by a new bride.
That's why he began killing
every new bride who entered Mangalpur.
He abducts them
before their wedding night.
That's why he's called Vadhusur.
Is he right?
-Wait a minute. Listen to me.
-Yes?
If he doesn't let people get married.
then where did all these people
in Mangalpur come from?
Did they just drop out of the sky?
No. people do get married.
But they do it on the other side
of the river Ganga.
My daughter got married there.
But those who can't leave this village.
or don't want to. stay here
and never get married.
So. live-in relationships?
Hey. shut up.
This Vadhusur can't cross
the Ganga on his own?
What. can't he swim.
or does he not have money for the ferry?
Mother Ganga is the purest.
Haven't you heard?
No evil power can touch Her.
People wash their sins in the Ganga.
I don't get it.
If this place is so scary.
why do people live here?
The land here is highly fertile.
You sow seeds and reap gold.
This man has an answer for everything.
-Fine then. tell me this.
-Yes?
Where is Vadhusur's temple?
No one knows.
And where is this nymph tree?
No one knows that either.
I'll tell you where.
This is what really happened. Jaggu.
Some lunatic carved this story
into the walls to scare everyone.
And that's what's going on.
I only told you what people believe.
You're free to imagine whatever you want.
But neither the villagers
nor I will help you with the wedding.
I'm leaving.
How can you just leave like this?
Like this.
Here are your keys.
-I'm leaving. Yes?
-Shambhu Babu.
-I'm leaving.
-Wait for me.
Shambhu Babu?
Hey. wait. Stop.
What is it now?
What did you say
the name of that ghost was?
Vasudhara.
Vasudhara?
Do you know
where this Vasudhara came from?
It came from this rascal's mind.
This is all this old man's doing.
He doesn't want us to stay here.
Do you know what he does?
He steals antiques
from the palace and sells them
for his own enjoyment.
Go on. get out of here.
Get lost!
When the police come and arrest you
and break your ribs.
then you'll understand.
You'll be screaming.
"Sir. I don't know."
"The ghost stole it.
The ghost stole it."
Get lost.
Don't do this. sir.
My family has served this palace
for generations.
-So you could enjoy the benefits.
-I beg you.
Are you crazy?
-Let go of my leg.
-I beg--
Forgive me. sir. Forgive me.
I'll do exactly as you say.
-I'll listen--
-Alright. fine. Be quiet.
Do one thing.
Get a bunch of workers tomorrow
and have this place cleaned up.
I want everything spic
and span before the wedding.
People will come.
but they'll run off at night.
-Then don't blame me.
-We'll deal with that later.
First. go and bring back
the ones who ran off.
-Okay. sir.
-Go.
-Forgive me.
-Alright. fine.
So you're saying my sister was
abducted by a demon on her wedding night?
We're not saying that. ma'am.
That's what the locals are saying.
-Isn't that--
-Be quiet. Mishra. Go.
AMIT KUMAR
We're conducting an investigation.
We conducted post-mortems
on all the bodies.
Look at this.
Claw marks. bite marks…
Looks like the work of a wild animal.
Probably a cheetah. a tiger.
or even a bear.
There are several animals out here.
And we've only recovered four bodies.
Your uncle's and your sister's bodies
are not among them.
They're missing.
When will you be able to confirm
where my sister and uncle are?
Whether they're even alive?
My sister's in-laws. who survived.
claim they didn't see anything either.
So what exactly happened that night?
Ma'am. we'll tell you
as soon as we find out.
But please don't talk
about this case until then.
We don't want any interference
with the investigation.
What?
There…
Thief!
Wait…
He's not a thief.
He's my nephew.
I'm his uncle.
and he's my nephew.
What is your nephew doing here?
When did you get here?
An hour ago.
The train was late.
I kept knocking on the door.
But no one opened it.
Later. I knocked on all the windows.
No one listened.
Fortunately. one of the windows
was open. and I jumped in.
There are people standing outside.
Let them in.
or they will freeze like popsicles.
Let go of my collar!
And get some tea if available.
What did you say?
Did your father open
a tea stall here?
Enough with the attitude.
I asked for a cup of tea.
not the treasure.
Do you even know who I am?
Why? Don't you know who you are.
bloody servant?
Servant?
I am the king.
The king. understand?
Bow before you speak to me.
rascal.
-The king?
-Yes.
Then where is your crown
and royal scepter?
Do you want me to show you
my royal scepter?
Want to see my royal scepter?
Should I show you
my royal scepter?
Come into the room.
and I will show you.
-Come!
-Hey!
What's wrong?
This rascal wants to see
my royal scepter.
It's tough for him to believe
I am the king.
Tell him.
He's the master. The owner.
Show some manners.
He's a good guy. sir.
-Tell him your name.
-Sunder.
Who gave you that name?
My father did.
Was he blind?
We fondly call him Balli.
He's a loser.
Call him a loser.
Balli Bajwa.
I don't like
this guy's face.
Uncle. I didn't come here
to choose a bride.
I am doing my job.
I am an electrician.
See. he's talking so rudely.
He's got such a foxy face.
Only his face looks foxy.
but he's got the heart of a calf.
Don't worry.
Some of my people are here.
The rest will arrive tomorrow.
Come on.
Her name is Ragini.
She is a very good cook.
That's okay.
But tell them to behave properly
with me and call me master.
I heard at the railway station
that this palace is haunted.
It wasn't before.
But now he is here.
If you feel scared.
you can sleep in my room.
This man is an AKS.
-What is AKS?
-A womanizer.
Not to worry. sir.
Where should I have them stay?
There are 200 rooms here.
You can have them stay wherever you want.
If they don't fit here.
there is a well in the backyard.
Throw them in there.
You guys don't let me sleep.
Been bothering me since I got here.
Driving me nuts.
Does the master have no brains?
Ragini ji. what are you making
for lunch today?
What do you want to eat?
-How about some radish pancakes?
-Yes. make it spicy.
This muck…
Let me wash it with some water.
It didn't come off.
Make it spicy.
-Yes.
-And add some chili to it.
You sound like a chef.
I am an all-rounder.
Right.
These rascals have turned
this palace into a brothel.
That dum-aloo really
took my breath away.
Come here.
Wait. Wait.
Wait right there.
This kind of spoiled behavior
won't be tolerated here.
It got spoiled by mistake.
I was only cleaning it up.
I'll slap you.
Being a female.
you should be ashamed.
Didn't you feel embarrassed
doing such vulgar behavior?
He was teaching me
how to make radish pancakes.
Dear God. they call this vulgar behavior
cooking radish pancakes here.
I should be whacked with a shoe
for appointing such vulgar people.
You know what.
take your shoe off and hit me.
Hit me. Hit me.
Hit me. Hit me!
God…
Happy?
-My ears will get ripped off.
-What's going on?
Jagdish ji…
-You wanna hit me?
-Hey!
-Let go. Let go.
-Wait. Wait. What happened?
-He was ripping off my ear.
What happened?
-There is a wedding in the house.
-Yes.
-We are expecting women guests.
And do you know
what this man was up to?
What was he up to?
I feel embarrassed
to even tell you.
-Then don't tell me.
-But I must tell you.
Then tell me.
Give me your ear.
Not your rear--
Yes.
He can never behave this way.
He can trot naked.
He's a good boy.
Boy?
He's a grown man!
If I catch him doing something
like this again.
then I will put radish
in his pancake.
Tell him that.
Come kiss me.
These guys don't understand
how tough it is
to earn every penny.
Normally. I think of the commode
in the morning.
Never has the commode
looked more inviting before.
Here I come!
What's the hurry?
Coming. Coming.
All you need is a hot commode
like this in winter.
Dear God.
Hospital. Hospital.
It's burnt to a crisp.
My backside is burnt to a crisp.
What vulgar action is this?
It's called CPR.
Who is that?
It saves lives.
Be quiet.
He's awake.
What happened?
You got a second lease of life.
Second life?
You were dead!
Dead?
Yes.
They found you lying
on the bathroom floor.
When I rushed inside.
hearing their voice.
I noticed that your heartbeat
had stopped.
Then I tried.
and you were alive again.
You are fortunate that she
came along at the right time.
But how did you get here?
I came here on official business.
I found out about this palace
through some locals.
And I remembered
that you said something
about a palace on the train.
And I was really shocked.
because I didn't thank you
even after you saved my life.
Thank you.
You saved my life as well.
Thank you for that.
And now we're even.
What is your name?
Priya.
Priya…
Priya ji. what do you do?
I am a writer.
I am writing a book
on the ancient temples of India.
-Of course.
-There are such interesting stories here.
About temples. ghosts.
black magic…
-I can tell you. I know several stories.
-Is that so?
Will you be staying
for a couple of days?
Yes. but I'm leaving
for Sitapur for some work.
My bus leaves at seven in the evening.
At seven. right?
Then why don't we finish our meal.
and I'll give you a ride?
Okay.
Ticket. ticket.
Listen. Find some time for
my sister's wedding on the 13th.
I'll be back before that.
I know some more places
that I have to visit.
-Okay.
-Bye.
Do come. I'll be really glad.
And you will love it.
Okay.
Okay. bye.
Who is pulling my pants?
Show yourself if
you have the courage?
Damn you…
You…
Lamp's burning on one side
My heart burns on the other
Come see for yourself. lover
Which way will you go?
Lamp's burning on one side
My heart burns on the other
Look at him. He's holding
a concert in the dead of night.
Just to scare people away.
I slog like a donkey all day.
When I try to sleep at night.
some idiot starts pulling my feet.
Which idiot?
I don't know.
I can't see him.
-It's nonsense.
-It isn't nonsense.
Bats keep circling above.
wolves keep howling.
I get terrified. So I put on this song
to drown out the noise.
Rascal. of all songs.
you had to choose this one?
"The lamp burns on one side.
and the heart on the other."
You had to pick this song.
And what are you drinking?
Country stuff.
Who drinks this cheap crap?
If he plays it again.
I'll pour the whole bottle
on him and set him on fire.
And did you get your love
from your precious nephew?
Did you?
Come on. let's go to sleep.
Go to sleep and die!
Come on!
Damn his burning lamp.
He won't let me sleep.
Why are the palace documents with Kaali?
He looked after him
until the day he died.
Kaali even performed his last rites.
That's why your grandfather
gave this house to Kaali before dying.
Kaali.
Not them. Over there.
Kaali…
Be quiet.
Before your grandfather died.
he told me to hand
these papers over to you.
Here. take a look.
Listen… Balli…
-Kaali. Kaali.
-Yes. Kaali.
Son. be gentle.
Don't let it cry or get hurt.
Sweep harder. like this.
And hurry up.
Who knows where he
brought these workers from?
All freeloaders.
waiting to rob the rich--
Oh…
Rummy.
Listen.
Who are these people?
They're with us.
Get out. everyone.
They're not leaving?
Jaggu.
Wow. another sleepyhead.
Why are you shouting?
What happened?
What kind of gambling
workers have you hired here?
They're playing cards
during work hours.
Who's playing?
Those people.
You useless lot.
you dare gamble here!
And where were you going?
Get back to work. inside.
Master told us to leave.
Master told you?
Now I get it.
You tell them to work slowly
and gamble so you can drag this out
by two extra days. right?
It wasn't the master.
But you just said
it was the master.
-It was the master.
-When did I say that?
Not that master.
this master.
When did I say that?
I told it to the ones gambling--
Where did those idiots
who were gambling go?
-Where did they go?
-Who was gambling here?
-We don't know.
-Wait a minute.
You with the braid. come here.
Did you see some men gambling here.
smoking cigarettes?
Did you see them or not?
I didn't see anyone.
-You didn't?
-No.
Dear God.
Never seen cheats and liars like them.
Everyone's a liar.
You know what. come inside.
Your man was dozing on the sofa.
-See for yourself. Come.
-Sleeping on the sofa?
Look.
He was sleeping there a minute ago.
and now he's up. yawning.
Look at him.
Lazybones.
How dare you doze off on the job?
When did I doze off?
I couldn't sleep
last night either.
-Why are you hitting him?
-You said he was dozing.
-I didn't say he was dozing.
-Then?
He was sleeping. I meant him.
When was I dozing off?
I came here with you.
But Shantaram doesn't work for me.
I meant the guy
who just walked past Shantaram.
That was your worker.
-Who? Where?
-He…
Don't play games with me.
I'm very sharp.
Can't you see?
If my work isn't
finished on time.
I swear I won't pay you a penny.
Trying to trick me.
-Did you see anyone come or go?
-I didn't see anyone.
Go.
Move out of my way.
Jagdish!
-What happened?
-Jagdish!
-What's wrong?
-Your nephew was making lewd gestures.
-What was he doing?
-He was making radish parathas again.
Radish parathas?
With curd or pickles?
Stop joking. That rascal was
eating biryani with his eyes.
Eating…?
No. he can't do that.
He's lying!
He's misbehaving with women.
The groom's grandma
will be here in a few days.
What if he misbehaves with her?
Get lost.
You think you can fire me?
-I'm leaving myself.
-Hey.
He treats me like a temple bell.
keeps ringing me day and night.
You deal with him.
Balli. stop. Wait.
We can't fire him.
He's disconnected
the wiring of the whole building.
Only he knows which wire goes where.
He once fell
from an electric pole.
So the current in his head
is weak now.
Yes. but that current
is overflowing somewhere else.
No. I've seen it.
You've never liked him since he arrived.
That doesn't mean
he's a womanizer.
-You don't believe me?
-I don't.
-You don't?
-No. I don't.
I don't believe anything
I haven't seen myself.
-Have you seen Dubai?
-No.
But Dubai exists. right?
Rascal. I'm siding with you.
and you're laughing at me.
I'll prove how filthy this insect is.
-Is he a king or a crook?
-Go on. get to work.
Such a long queue.
Is this a post office or a theater?
-Do one thing.
-Yes.
-Call Delhi.
Talk to the florist and decorator
and get the best deal.
Don't just pay whatever you feel like.
Don't stress. I am there.
Hello.
How did you see me?
I spotted you from afar
and thought it was you.
Got sure when I came closer.
What are you doing here?
Busy with my sister's wedding.
Had to make several calls.
Can't call Delhi from the house phone.
and my mobile network is bad.
So the wedding is fixed?
What's wrong with you?
I told you.
Yes. yes. I--
-"Yes. yes."
-Well…
But everyone says
-you shouldn't marry in Mangalpur.
-Who says?
Everyone says it.
So why are you insisting?
You're a writer
and still believe these things.
You believe in stories as a writer.
-Have you lost it?
-These stories could be true.
And don't you think ghosts exist?
Nonsense. ghosts aren't real.
"Ghosts are real."
This Vadhusur. the temple.
the nymph tree--
Have you seen them?
I was asking around
about the Vadhusur temple.
And then?
-No one has seen it?
-Because it doesn't exist.
I won't pay a rupee over 150.000.
Understood?
Arjun!
See you.
Arjun! Arjun!
-I got a really cheap deal.
-Really?
-How much?
-300.000.
-Hey! 300.000?!
-300.000!
-300.000 for flowers?
-Yes.
Should I sell my palace
for my sister's wedding?
That idiot asked for five.
I said I'll give three.
Take it or leave it.
Take the advance or get out.
And he agreed.
That idiot agreed.
What's the time. brother?
It's really bad. kid.
Get lost. or I'll ruin you.
Yes. master. what's my task?
-Jaggu. come. I'll show you.
-What?
You want to know
what your nephew does?
Come.
Put your slippers on quickly.
-Where did he go?
-Who?
Your nephew.
Come…
I'll catch this rascal red-handed tonight.
Where is he going
in the middle of the night?
Do ghosts really live here?
Yes. one's standing in front of you.
This womanizing ghost.
Sir. do ghosts live here?
I don't know. son.
I died yesterday.
Hey. what rubbish
are you muttering alone?
Come on!
No. I was just asking him if--
Where did he go?
He's stopped.
What are you looking at?
That's the urn of Vadhusur's temple.
Vadhusur lives below it.
There's the Vrikshni tree.
Now our master will come.
I am your master.
Where am I?
What is this place?
Run!
Help. help!
Run.
Help…
I am your master.
To hell with you!
Jaggu.
Jaggu!
Master.
Jagdish sir is missing.
I searched everywhere.
The lights in his room are still on.
and his car is still outside.
Did you check the well?
Shut up. you toad.
Weren't you peeking through the keyhole
when she was changing?
Not at all.
What new excuse
to hit me again?
Yes. master.
Last night I felt
someone was opening my door.
It was this beast.
This animal.
Let me ask you.
who told you about the temple?
Which temple?
Don't act smart with me.
The last thing I remember is going
to sleep in my room.
and then I woke up
in the jungle in front of you two.
Why did you take me there?
Oh. so you remember the jungle.
but not the fun you had.
No. you said run.
and I ran.
Who told you about Vadhusur?
-Vadhusur. who?
-Your uncle.
You don't know Vadhusur?
I know. The ghost haunting
this house. right?
Who told you?
Shambhu Babu.
Not just me.
he told many people
this place is haunted.
and we must be careful.
The phone's ringing. Pick it up.
What are you doing?
Go. get lost.
Do I need to tell you separately?
Leave.
I think the old man
is planning to break the marriage.
Master. Master.
-Don't scream. What happened?
-Master.
The police called.
They found a beggar in a gutter
on the village outskirts
matching our description.
They're bringing him here.
I heard Jagdish disappeared.
Must be Vadhusur that took him.
He'll abduct everyone one by one.
Have you seen Vadhusur?
No.
I'll tell you what he does.
First. he grabs a man's feet
and tears them off.
Then he throws the legs in a clay oven.
After roasting.
he grinds them into a paste.
Then he uses that paste as toothpaste.
Do you know who Vadhusur is?
I am Vadhusur!
Wait. I'll end all your stories.
Wait. you rascal.
Where's my sword?
Stop. old man.
where are you going?
Wait. I'll show you.
I'll yank out your tongue
and feed it to the dogs.
-You'll never say Vadhusur again.
-I told you. didn't I?
-I should be beaten with shoes
-I had warned you.
-for letting a thug like you stay here.
Stop. old man.
-Uncle's been found.
-You bloody nephew…
Why are you running?
What were you doing
in the jungle at night?
If you mention Vadhusur in this palace
again. you'll face my wrath.
Vadhusur isn't my uncle.
-He's here.
-Say that again.
-Say it again.
He's here. He's here.
He's here.
-My leg's stuck.
-He's here.
Wait…
Come here.
This old man doesn't want
my sister to be married.
I told him that
some died living in this palace.
and some went mad.
He's lost his mind. too.
You're the crazy one.
If you ever set foot here again.
I'll rip your legs off
and shove them in the clay oven.
Get out. Get lost.
-I'm going. I'm going.
-Get lost!
I won't come even if you call me.
-I'm leaving.
-Take this with you.
-Take your bag.
-You'll--
You'll find out later.
-Fine. I don't care if I do.
-You will. you will.
There's a dead crow here.
and no one's cleaning it.
Move it!
Throw it away!
With all this chaos.
who's this bald man dozing off?
Who is he?
He's my uncle. our master.
Uncle!
Uncle. Is he dead?
Uncle?
Really?
I want to see that temple too.
Will you take me?
There are many temples in India
with stories behind them.
This one must have a story. too.
So why has no one seen it?
Because it's in a thick forest.
And the bats?
They hovered over us because
that fool Jaggu was screaming.
Why don't you understand?
This place isn't right. Arjun.
Get your sister married elsewhere.
Go away.
-Go away?
-Yes.
Give up my inheritance and heritage
for some ghost stories
-that don't even exist?
-They don't?
-No. they don't.
-A hundred percent?
-A hundred percent.
-And what if I'm a ghost?
Then I'd be happier.
My three human ex-girlfriends
left me because of the stress.
But you're a ghost.
you'll never leave me.
You'll sit on my shoulders.
I'll carry you always.
I'm not your girlfriend.
But you could be my wife.
Will you marry me?
I've never seen such a cute ghost.
Do you always joke like this?
She laughed. she laughed.
This isn't just a joke.
Fate brought us together.
But I heard brides vanish
after marriage here.
I might disappear too.
Is that okay?
How can you disappear?
Who does this ghost think he is?
I'll get my sister married right here.
Just watch. she won't vanish.
Will you believe me then?
Will you accept my proposal then?
We'll see.
Come. I'll show you the temple.
You don't trust my love. do you?
That's not it.
You'll know when it
comes from my heart.
What's that sound?
It's not my fault
That you live where my heart should be
I never see my own face
When I look in the mirror
My talks always start with your name
That's how important you are
You're the peace of my heart
I have a complaint
Why can't the one you truly love
Belong to you
In every lifetime?
It's not my fault
That you live where my heart should be
I never see my own face
When I look in the mirror
You're the one I see. love
I see you in every view
I see you in the stars
You're the one I see
Short or long
Whatever this journey is
It can't stay the same forever
Love is magic. my love
You can't buy it
You're one in a million
In thousands. I still see you
You're the one I see. love
I see you in every sight
I see you in the stars
You're the one I see
Come on. Be careful.
Here's the nymph tree.
That's the temple urn.
Below is the Vadhusur temple
that crazy Balli told me about.
Such a small temple and…
such a huge tree.
That's how stories are.
When you write it.
don't forget to credit me.
I think there's a way in.
Arjun.
I think something's inside.
Why?
Because bats don't fly like this
during the day.
Look. there are more of them now.
I've heard Vadhusur comes out in the dark.
We should head toward the light.
Come on. Arjun. let's go.
Arjun.
Sir. here's the bill for the paint job.
30.000 rupees.
Listen.
change that three to a nine
and make a new bill for 90.000 rupees.
-Should I make it 900.000 instead?
-Look.
There's a difference between
stupidity and dishonesty.
You have to be dishonest.
Sir…
-And over here. This is my last bill.
-Sir…
I need some money for the paint job.
-How much?
-400.000.
Are you planning
to paint the entire village?
It's a grand palace. sir.
The paint has to be top quality.
That's why.
-Here.
-Uncle.
I need these items
to get the generator running.
You are his uncle.
And get someone from
the electricity department.
Only one power line
is working in this house.
All the other connections are cut off.
I wonder why everyone calls it a palace.
Why isn't it declared a ruin?
This is giving me a headache.
Tell the painter to finish the job
for under 6.000 rupees.
-He will slap me.
-Bear it.
Speak…
Arjun. it's me.
I saw Meera's email.
Have you two lost your minds?
Why did you go there?
You should have asked me
before doing something so stupid.
What stupidity?
You don't have time to talk to us.
As you said.
"Do whatever you want."
"I'll show up for the wedding rituals."
Weren't those your words?
And you have kept
so many secrets from us.
This is not the time to explain. Arjun.
Arjun. I'm coming over. and--
Where is Meera?
Her phone is unreachable.
Because she's on the flight.
She texted me saying
she'll call as soon as she lands.
She can't get married in that palace.
Can't get married?
Why?
Just do as I said.
The guests are already on their way here.
They'll start arriving.
All the arrangements are in place.
How can we change
the wedding venue now?
You don't understand. Arjun.
You…
Listen to me.
Go to Gangapur.
There's a hermitage there.
Guru Gopaldas Ashram.
Over there. meet their head…
their head priest.
If he says no.
then this wedding cannot happen there.
Under any circumstances.
Who is this head priest?
Vashist Guru ji.
Vadhusur is not just a story.
Such demonic entities are
also mentioned in the Atharvaveda.
The Adhura community living in the forests
has been trying for many
years to sacrifice 13 brides
and use their blood
to resurrect Vadhusur.
To stop them. King Prithviraj
instructed your forefather.
the great tantrik Yogendra Acharya.
He used his tantrik powers
to stop the Adhura community.
But all that is in the past.
I don't think you should have
any problem performing the wedding there.
Because when I met your grandfather.
Dushyant Acharya ji.
right here six months ago
for a Vedic discussion.
he said that Vadhusur
cannot be resurrected
and that people
can get married there safely.
I can only come after the eclipse.
Until then. I'll send my disciple.
Pandit Ram Shastri.
to the Acharya Palace.
He will go there and examine the energy
to see if any evil force is present.
And if he finds any such trace.
then I'll tell you what needs to be done.
Greetings.
Is Arjun Acharya at home?
I want a handful of soil
from every corner of this house.
Put it in this for me.
Yes.
What's inside?
I don't know.
It has a peculiar lock.
and no one knows where the key is.
Something is not right here.
I must inform Guru ji
about this immediately.
Soil.
Turn on all the lights in this house.
And place one lamp
in front of that room.
And the remaining lamps
in front of every door in this house.
Remember. do not let these
lamps go out before morning.
I will bring Guru ji here by then.
And remember. these evil forces draw
their strength from darkness.
I must leave Mangalpur before sunset.
Please. give me a ride
to the railway station.
Come.
Is there a temple nearby?
There is a Shiva temple ahead.
We must take shelter inside the temple.
Our lives are in danger out here.
Let's go.
Hurry up.
Watch out.
Here. get up. Get up.
Come on.
Get up.
Come inside the temple.
Is the piano playing by itself?
Vasudhara! Don't follow me.
Don't follow me. I'm warning you!
See. I only organize weddings.
I don't get married myself.
Neither I. nor my parents.
nor my grandparents
have ever been married.
I was born out of wedlock.
It's happening again…
Leave me alone.
What happened was terrible.
But such accidents can occur
during strong winds and rain.
Don't worry.
We have informed the hermitage.
Why are you sleeping in the car?
Is something wrong?
I don't know about you.
but I'm moving into a lodge.
Something isn't right about this place.
Some damned ghost or spirit has
been after my rear ever since I got here.
What's so special about my rear?
Strange noises can be heard all night.
Banging sounds and all.
That Shantaram was right.
Where did this blood come from?
What happened?
Jaggu.
cancel the wedding.
-Hello.
-Dad.
You were right.
We can't hold the wedding here.
There is something terribly wrong here.
That place is cursed. Arjun.
I didn't want you two
to ever find out about this place.
How are you going to explain
this to Meera and Rahul's family?
I've thought of a plan. Dad.
Be very careful. Arjun.
These people panic a lot when
it comes to Vaastu and birth charts.
If this secret comes out.
everything will be ruined.
Don't worry. Dad. I…
I'll handle it.
I'll be there by evening.
As soon as you reach Gangapur.
I have to take you
to the hermitage to meet Guru ji.
Hello. Meera.
I was just going to call you.
I have some bad news.
We can't hold the wedding here.
There's a serious problem.
There's a massive storm raging.
All the roads are blocked.
Trains are turning back.
The whole place is in chaos.
Your old mother-in-law
might slip and fall to her death.
This breaks my heart. too.
I've been out here all these days
making arrangements.
It's alright.
We'll arrange the wedding somewhere else
at the same auspicious time.
Or we'll find another auspicious time.
Brother. you know Rahul doesn't have time.
I can barely hear you. Meera.
There's a storm raging--
Trees are falling. windows are rattling…
We're in serious trouble.
It's my sister.
Listen… hold that pole!
Or it will tip over.
Brother. what are you doing?
Don't cry. sister.
Everything will be alright. I'm on it.
Mr. Arjun Acharya!
Don't shout. I'm on a call.
When did you get here?
What is this drama?
Sister got scared! Sister got scared!
Sister got scared!
What did you think?
That I'd call off your wedding?
Are you insane?
Look how I've decked up the place.
Look. there are jasmine flowers.
And there are hibiscus flowers.
Silly…
-Look at all the guests I invited.
-They came here with me.
With you?
-Okay. Hello. son.
-Is the wedding on or not?
Yes. it is on.
That's not how you say "it's on."
It's like this.
My neck is sprained.
I told you the wedding is on.
But you said this wedding can't happen.
-When?
-Yesterday.
-Brother…
-Oh…
He's a madman.
I tell him one thing. he hears another.
and then does the complete opposite.
-And he--
-But the wedding cannot happen here.
Why not?
This is a very bizarre house.
-People scream.
-I scream.
-My rear got burned.
-I burned it.
-Vadhusur will come--
-They're already here.
She's the vadhu. and who is the sasur?
There you go.
Problem solved?
Come on.
Govind Maharaj's
prophecy came true.
She looked at my birth chart and said.
"Kaikeyi. someday you will
die in a huge palace as the queen."
That prophecy will come true in two days.
Quiet.
I need to talk to you.
Whatever it is. say it right here.
Okay.
-Why do you keep changing your mind?
-Let go.
Why are you going ahead
with the wedding here?
Shouldn't I go ahead with the wedding
now that the guests are already here?
What about the ghost now?
-What about the ghost now?
-To hell with that--
You're staying at a lodge.
How does it matter to you?
This setup is only
until the wedding.
Once the wedding is over.
you can leave too.
Just keep your mouth shut until then.
I'll handle everything.
-I will.
-Uncle!
The generator is fixed.
This house will never lose power now.
-All good?
-All good.
No problems at all?
-Throw him out.
-Why?
Because there are women in the house!
I don't want this womanizer living here.
Throw him out.
Arjun.
From what you've told me.
I can infer that
Vadhusur never left.
He has grown stronger.
This is a disturbing fact
because nothing of this sort ever happened
until Dushyant Guru ji's
death in Mangalpur.
This only means that someone
has awakened him again.
What do we do now?
Does the wedding have
to take place in this house?
The groom's astrologer has said that
if the wedding
doesn't happen in this house.
then it can't be performed anywhere else.
Then there is only one solution.
You must change the auspicious time.
Finish the wedding by 12 noon.
and the newlyweds must cross
the river Ganga before sunset.
Most importantly. everything we discussed
here must not go beyond these walls.
And don't let the groom's family
get a whiff of this.
Otherwise.
they'll think this family is cursed.
Nothing will go wrong until the
rituals are complete. This is my promise.
But you must open
your grandfather's prayer room.
Find the key immediately.
Guru ji. the keys must be in his house.
Bless me.
God bless you.
What are you hiding
under your hand. Guru ji?
Twelve cowries are in the house of death.
This means…
twelve brides have been sacrificed.
One more sacrifice
and Vadhusur will be resurrected.
According to this prashna kundali.
one or two deaths
in this family are certain.
And escaping this prophecy is impossible.
Wait here.
I'll go get the keys.
Anybody there?
Who is it?
It's me. Arjun Acharya.
Hello.
-I…
-What do you want?
I need the keys
to my grandfather's prayer room.
There are no keys here.
I gave you everything I had.
Please listen…
Could you help me?
Maybe they are upstairs
in a cupboard or trunk.
Grandpa used to bring the keys back here
after performing the ritual.
I said no.
Mister. you don't understand.
There is no key here!
Get lost.
What is your problem
with giving me the key?
Leave him…
and get out.
Who are you?
Arjun?
Arjun. what happened?
Arjun!
I said…
get out.
Guru ji?
You're alive?
I'm not standing here
to answer your riddles.
So your death was just an act?
I won't miss next time. Vasudev.
Nothing is more precious
to me than my son's life.
Son?
Come on. Arjun.
Get out!
Let's go. Arjun. Let's go.
Let's go. Arjun. Arjun!
Why aren't you answering me?
Grandpa is alive.
and you were calling him Guru ji.
I'm completely confused
about what's going on.
I promised my wife…
never to let her children
learn about her cursed past.
I thought I'd leave this place for good
once the wedding was over.
The time has come for Arjun
to know the truth.
Tell him everything you told me.
What truth?
I'm not your father. Arjun.
What?
Madhav and I were disciples
of Dushyant Guru ji.
And Madhav was his son.
Back then. Mangalpur was
the epicenter of culture and learning.
People would come from all
over the country to study the Vedas.
Upanishads. music. and dance.
We were all studying
at the Guru Gopaldas Ashram.
Vasudev.
Yes. Guru ji.
Here you go.
Remember.
this is Mother Sita's garland.
Someone might step on it.
Leave it outside.
on the roof over the doorway.
Yes. Guru ji.
Yashodha. daughter of
Jeetendra Bandhopadhyay.
Guru ji's friend from Calcutta.
had come there to teach classical dance.
She stayed in the same palace as us.
At first. we were just friends.
but over time
our relationship deepened.
But I didn't know that someone else
besides me liked Yashodha.
What kind of chanting is that?
Whenever you chant a mantra.
the pronunciation has to be precise.
It's not just random sounds.
This is the correct pronunciation.
Look at Vasudev.
You should learn from him.
Focus all your attention on the mantras.
Let me show you how serious
the consequences can be if you slip.
Do you know what our family's duty is?
To stop Vadhusur from being resurrected.
Centuries ago. the Adhura community
living in the jungle
tried to awaken Vadhusur
by chanting the mantras backwards.
Whoever awakens Vadhusur
will have all their wishes fulfilled.
but they will become his slave forever.
That is why I told you
not to chant the mantras incorrectly.
I bow to Lord Shiva
Back then. our ancestors would have
several priests seated in this room.
chanting mantras from sunset to sunrise.
so those shlokas would reach
Vadhusur's grave
and keep him from awakening.
But that is not possible these days.
which is why I built this device.
I switch it on at sunset
and turn it off at sunrise.
The power of these mantras
drains Vadhusur of his strength.
Guru ji. will this continue
until the end of the world?
No.
From the time of Vadhusur's death.
if no one manages to resurrect
him for 36.000 full moons.
then he can never be revived.
The day we met.
you put a garland on me.
Today. I have put a ring on you.
Now all that is left is
for me to garland you
and for you to put a ring on me.
Then we'll be married.
Then came Navratri.
This festival was celebrated
with great grandeur in Mangalpur.
The story of how Vrikshni killed Vadhusur
was performed as a skit
in every lane and neighborhood.
We also performed this skit
in the hermitage.
with Yashodha playing Vrikshni
and Madhav playing Vadhusur.
In these tangled eyes
Words refuse to unwind
Sleep drifts through soft. scented dreams
-My love is not untrue…
-Believe me. O beloved
Sleep drifts through soft. scented dreams
O beloved
My heart is restless without you
O beloved…
These intoxicating eyes
Pour their secrets through my lips
This heart just lies
Why can't it speak the truth?
These intoxicating eyes
Pour their secrets through my lips
This heart just lies
Why can't it speak the truth?
Your sugar-coated words
Leave my heart overflowing
With these dagger-sharp eyes
I waited on the riverbank
Hold me close
Come dwell in my heart. beloved
My fluttering heart
Scatters color everywhere
You be the moon
And I'll be your lover. O beloved
O beloved
My heart is restless without you
O beloved…
In these tangled eyes
Words refuse to unwind
Sleep drifts through soft. scented dreams
In these tangled eyes
Words refuse to unwind
My love is not untrue
Believe me. O beloved
Through soft. scented dreams
-My love is not…
My love is not…
Through…
-Through soft. scented…
On the auspicious day of Ashtami.
I have some joyous news
to share with all of you.
My favorite disciple. Vasudev.
and Yashodha. the daughter of my friend
Jeetendra Bandhopadhyay. have told me that
they are in love.
I have spoken to both families.
and today I announce their wedding.
No…
Whoever awakens Vadhusur
will have all their wishes fulfilled.
Madhav!
What are you doing here?
What is this?
Who has set this device
to work in reverse?
I have.
What have you done. Madhav?
Why have you committed such a sin?
Because I want Yashodha.
You took Yashodha away from me.
You humiliated me in front of her.
You always favored your disciple
and rejected your own son.
Yashodha left me because of you.
But she is mine!
If you will not give me Yashodha.
then fine.
Vadhusur will bring her to me!
Madhav. my son.
I'll give you whatever you want.
But don't do this ungodly act.
Do not awaken Vadhusur.
I beg you. son.
I beg you.
Don't do this terrible deed!
Don't do it. son! Don't do it!
This is for you.
Now. what will you give me
as honorarium?
Guru ji. you shaped me
into who I am today.
I'll lay whatever you ask for
at your feet.
Then forget Yashodha.
That is your honorarium.
What are you saying. Guru ji?
Because Madhav loves her.
You gave me your word. Vasudev.
If you break it now.
I will curse you.
and you'll never know happiness in life.
Don't say that. Guru ji.
I'll…
I'll do whatever you say.
Then I need one more promise from you.
No one must ever know.
including Yashodha.
what honorarium I asked of you.
Look. whatever it is. I'm with you.
Tell me what happened.
Dev…
Dev? What happened to Dev?
Dev is not a good man. Guru ji.
He said he doesn't believe in marriage.
He only wanted my body.
He said it right to my face.
That's awful.
What are we going
to tell your parents now?
They're arriving tomorrow
with the whole family.
I'd rather die than marry
someone like him. Guru ji.
You know…
your father's condition is critical.
His last wish is to see you married.
He won't be able to bear this.
Do something. Guru ji.
Will you marry Madhav?
Yashodha married Madhav.
After that day.
Guru ji never returned to the hermitage.
I had also decided to leave Mangalpur.
When I went to see Guru ji one last time.
I noticed a strange fear in his eyes.
He was afraid he had failed
to free his son from Vadhusur's control.
Spare him. demon.
Spare my son.
Take my life instead.
Take me away from here.
That night.
we escaped from Mangalpur…
and never went back.
And one day.
Yashodha told me she was pregnant.
I married her. and…
I promised her…
I would raise this child as my own.
That child is you.
Fathering a child
doesn't make a man a father.
This is a father's love for his son.
and what Dushyant Guru ji did
was also out of love for his son.
Everything happening here
is part of a plan he set in motion.
Whatever Dushyant Guru ji said…
was true.
Look.
Of the 36.000 full moon nights
in this Kaliyug. only two are left.
And if Vadhusur is not resurrected
within these two full moons.
Dushyant Guru ji will never be able
to free his son from the curse.
He knew weddings
could not be held in Mangalpur.
But he began telling people
that weddings could be held here.
and that nothing inauspicious
would happen.
When no one agreed
despite all his persuasion.
he faked his death
so that you would come here.
Because he knew everything about you.
even that your daughter
is getting married.
He spun this web.
and you walked right into it.
I cannot say for sure
what powers Madhav has.
but I will do everything
I can to stop him.
Our plan will not fail.
Make the wedding arrangements.
Thank you very much. Guru ji.
O beauty. O beauty
This ring bears your name
The bride is radiant
Utterly enchanted by her groom
This blessing pours straight from my heart
May a crown of joy
Forever rest upon your head
With moon-kissed jewels
I've guarded the two from harm
O beauty. O beauty
This ring bears your name
Can't stop chanting your name
O beauty. O beauty
This ring bears your name
Can't stop chanting your name
I'd give up everything for you alone
I'd lose myself after winning your heart
May no evil eye ever touch you
May you be shielded from every harm
The bride is ready to meet her groom
With moon-kissed jewels
I've guarded the two from harm
This ring bears your name
O beauty. O beauty
Can't stop chanting your name
The bride is radiant
Utterly enchanted by her groom
This blessing pours straight from my heart
May a crown of joy
Forever rest upon your head
With moon-kissed jewels
I've guarded the two from harm
O beauty. O beauty
This ring bears your name
Can't stop chanting your name
O beauty. O beauty
This ring bears your name
Can't stop chanting your name
When I specifically said the auspicious
time for the wedding was at night.
then why did you change it to the day?
How dare you?
No. sir. We did exactly as Guru Vashist
of their family said.
This is an insult to me.
A grave insult.
And I never stay in a house
where my word is not honored.
I'm leaving.
Do whatever you want.
however you want.
Sir. please don't be upset.
Forgive us.
You are the source
of every good thing in our lives.
We'll do exactly as you say.
or we'll call off the wedding.
What's the issue. Rahul?
Ask your father.
Sir…
I don't want to hear anything!
Please. sir.
Just hear me out.
Why Guru Vashist changed this--
Just calling themselves "Vashist" doesn't
make them equal to the great seers.
And he's not an astrologer.
I am the astrologer.
I set this auspicious time
after careful calculation.
That was 8:30 at night.
I chose this moment after studying
the bride and groom's birth charts.
And if you don't agree.
then find another groom for your daughter.
If that's your stance.
then fine.
We don't want this wedding either.
What's the problem. Dad?
Why can't we marry
at the auspicious time they have given?
Do not try to understand
what is beyond you.
This is an insult to all of us.
Rahul. pack your bags.
Come on.
Rahul!
I'm leaving. we'll… talk later.
Rahul.
At least tell me now
what the real problem is.
You two didn't even think for a moment
about what this would do to me.
For everything you have done
for me until today.
as your daughter. the only thing
I can do in return is not marry Rahul.
But I'll never marry in this lifetime.
Let's do what they want.
We'll lose Meera forever. Arjun.
We're losing her anyway.
That's exactly what's happening.
You know how stubborn she is.
What do you want. Arjun?
What am I supposed to do?
Let her get married.
Arjun?
If the wedding takes place after sunset.
Meera's death is guaranteed.
Come what may.
I'll protect my sister.
I promise you.
Hey.
Is there diesel in the generator room?
Yes. sir. Don't worry.
Raju is sitting by the generator.
Tell him to stay there all night.
Don't let the generator shut down.
-Okay. sir.
-Yes.
Keep chanting.
I think a huge storm is rolling in.
Thank God the rituals are over.
Come on.
Come on. hurry.
-Where are you taking me. brother?
-Just come quietly.
Come.
Stay here.
You stay right here.
And don't switch this light off.
Don't open the door until
you hear my voice. Got it?
-Don't move from here.
-What's going on?
Nothing.
I'll tell you everything later.
Don't move.
Remember. keep this light on.
Don't open the door
until you hear my voice!
Listen. Everyone. listen carefully.
Stay in your rooms
until the power comes back.
Understood?
No one comes out.
-Jaggu.
-Yes?
Go check what's wrong
with the generator. Quickly.
-Go.
-Sukhi.
Jaggu. listen to me carefully.
Check everyone's doors
and lock them from the outside.
-But--
-Just do as I say. Hurry. Go.
-Where is Meera?
-Meera is in her room.
Please. everyone. go inside.
There's glass everywhere.
You might get hurt.
Go inside. Go.
Meera?
Meera!
Out of my way.
Meera.
Meera!
Meera? Meera?
I bow to Lord Shiva
Sever her head
and bring me her nuptial necklace.
Meera!
Madhav!
Meera! Meera!
-Who was he?
-Let's go.
-Where are we?
-Quiet.
Let's go.
Dad.
Arjun… Arjun.
Arjun.
Come on. Come.
Meera.
Slowly. Come. dear.
Yes. come.
Come. dear. Come on.
Come on.
-There you go.
-What's happening here. Dad?
How did I end up there?
-Nothing happened. dear. Nothing…
-How…?
Everything's fine.
Think of it as a bad dream.
Brother.
Listen…
I'll tell you everything later.
But promise me
you'll never tell anyone what you saw.
Just promise me.
Sir…
Sir. all of this was only possible
because of your blessings.
So. you finally realized that.
Give him a bonus.
No.
I don't work for bonuses.
I work only for people's welfare.
Sir. for our happiness.
please accept it.
-Not at all.
-Please.
Sir. they're requesting you so nicely.
Please take it.
Take the bonus. for our sake.
Alright.
I'm guessing it's a special bonus.
Very special. Very special.
Why are you shutting the door?
I don't want anyone else to see
-the special bonus I'm about to give you.
-Unbelievable.
Because they're all
a bunch of jealous people.
Have you ever read your own birth chart?
Yes. I have.
Did you see anywhere
that it says you'll get slapped?
No…
Stand straight.
Listen.
birth charts are not always right.
Why? Because they're written by humans.
What God writes is beyond
what you or I can know.
Don't tell anyone about this slap.
I'm not afraid of anything now
that the wedding is over.
If you tell anyone.
I swear I'll strip you and thrash you.
And what's this?
Why are you crying?
Are you insane?
Smile.
Come on. smile. Let's go.
He has such a wicked sense of humor.
Wow. Did you get the bonus?
Show me. Show me.
Sir. don't forget. You promised.
I gave him my word.
Let's go.
Idiot.
So. the whole story about
Vadhusur was fake. right?
I told you it was just folklore. See?
Good. Everything went smoothly.
I'm leaving today as well.
Where are you going?
Remember your promise?
What promise?
You're really sly.
You cannot leave without an answer.
What answer?
Remember when I proposed to you?
You said you'd answer after the wedding.
Look.
I don't want to keep lying to you.
I'm not a writer.
I came here looking for my missing sister.
I wanted the truth
without anyone knowing.
She is my sister. Chitra.
We were twins.
I don't know how.
but she was killed on her wedding day.
No one ever found her body.
Maybe I'll never know the truth.
Forget it.
By the way.
I cannot say I don't like you.
but I would have said yes
if I were not already married.
Keep in touch. Bye.
Let's go.
Uncle. we understood everything
except for one thing.
How could only Arjun see ghosts?
Because Arjun actually died
for a moment from the electric shock.
And only the dead can see the dead.
Did everyone go back to London after this?
No.
Arjun stayed back…
to free his cursed father.
Madhav Acharya's spirit.
For the past 24 years.
he's been performing rituals
every year for his father's peace.
As a son. that's all he can do.
Uncle. did all this really happen.
or is this also just another story?
Whatever you believe is right.
Come on. the train's here.
-Uncle. thank you.
-Thank you.
Come on.
Listen. children.
Be happy in life
and take care of yourselves.
But don't forget…
there are many kinds
of ghosts in this world.